Crowded Elevator
By Bruno Adami, Universidade de São Paulo - São Carlos BR Brazil

Timelimit: 1
In a building with N floors there is an elevator with capacity to carry at most C people. The floors are enumerated from 0 to N-1. There is a group of M people wanting to use the elevator, all on floor 0. Each one would like to go to a specific floor. You must decide the order that those people will use the elevator in such a way that the energy used is minimized.

Initially, you decide a group of at most C people to enter the elevator on floor 0. Then you must decide the order in which the floors will be visited. Logically, the floors of all people using the elevator must be visited. The energy cost is only when it moves, it is, each time you go up or down one floor you will spend one unit of energy. The process is repeated until there are no more people on floor 0. At the end the elevator must return to floor 0.

Given the building size, the elevator capacity and the people information, compute the best strategy that minimizes the energy used by the elevator. Output this energy value.

Input
The first line contains an integer T (T = 100) indicating the number of test cases.

On the first line of each case we have the integers N (1 ≤ N ≤ 104), C (1 ≤ C ≤ M) and M (1 ≤ M ≤ 1000* or 1 ≤ M ≤ 5*10^4). In the next line there will be M integers indicating the floors to be visited. The floors numbers will be between 1 and N -1, inclusive.

*For around 90% of the cases;

**For the other cases.

Output
For each case, output the minimum amount of energy needed.


Sample Input	
3

10 1 3

1 2 3

100 2 4

10 10 10 3

100 2 5

100 1 100 1 100


Sample Output
12

40

402
